update to include template information (#371)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/development/cli.mdx

# PX Blue CLI

> The PX Blue CLI (Command-Line Interface) is a tool for quickly starting new projects using PX Blue configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PX Blue CLI (Command-Line Interface) is a tool for quickly starting new projects using PX Blue. It will create a skeleton project in your chosen framework and automatically integrate:

- Material and PX Blue component libraries
- PX Blue themes
- Open Sans Typography package, 
- PX Blue colors package
- PX Blue code formatting and linting profiles (optional)
```

> Angular, React and React Native framework projects will automatically create projects using the PX Blue project templates with options to choose from our list of [Angular](https://github.com/pxblue/angular-cli-templates/blob/dev/README.md#angular-cli-templates), [React](https://github.com/pxblue/react-cli-templates/blob/dev/README.md#react-cli-templates), or [React-Native](https://github.com/pxblue/react-native-cli-templates/blob/dev/README.md#react-native-cli-templates) templates to scaffold your project.
> 
> In addition, your project will be configured and ready to run with integrations including:
> 
> * PX Blue Components
> * PX Blue Themes
> * Material
> * Typography
> * Colors
> * Optionally include PX Blue code formatting and linting profiles
> 
> Ionic framework projects will automatically create skeleton projects with the integrations above.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When starting a new project, you will have the opportunity to select a template as your starting point, including a blank template, basic routing template, and a full authentication template. 

> These templates are available for [Angular](https://github.com/pxblue/angular-cli-templates/blob/dev/README.md#angular-cli-templates), [React](https://github.com/pxblue/react-cli-templates/blob/dev/README.md#react-cli-templates), and [React-Native](https://github.com/pxblue/react-native-cli-templates/blob/dev/README.md#react-native-cli-templates). Ionic templates will be coming soon (Check our [Roadmap](/roadmap))!
```
